# SOA-dynamics

<<<<<<< HEAD
This repo is a backup of the last best working version of my dynamics runs. This particular version contains better documentation, checkpoint files for everything up to production run(s) and a semi-complete script to generate the input files for the runs.

## Requirements

- Amber14 (no longer supported but newer versions are [here](https://ambermd.org))
- [Packmol](https://github.com/m3g/packmol)
- Python 2.x (only necessary for rawinput)
- Ability to use `qsub` to submit pbs scripts

## Reproduction

To start from scratch, first run `reset.sh` to remove checkpoints, logs, etc.. Enter the `tleap` directory and run

```
packmol < solvateWater.inp
tleap -f tleapScript.tls
```
Packmol generates the initial configuration of water molecules and tleap adds them to a larger box with the SO2 molecule. The `frcmod.*` files are generated by me from various parameters gathered from across amber and online. Sources, if necessary, are given in the comments column.

`cd` to the home directory and run `qsub` + the `.pbs` scripts in numerical order. If you need to stop and restart the simulation, run `qstat` to get the PID then `qdel PID` to stop (if it hasn't already). Restart the simulation by running the files with the same number but with "rst" in the name. It is important to remember that between steps 2 and 3, to add the SO2 molecule to the topology and checkpoint files by running `add-SO2.py` from within the checkpoints directory.

The `.out` files are stored in `md_outputs`. The `.mdcrd` coordinate files are stored in `ptraj` and the `.prmtop` files are stored in `md_inputs`. 
=======
Molecular Dynamics Simulation of SOAs. 
Will explain what each script does later.
>>>>>>> f2055bf91edbba3e04c22315f7b4d675479e8325
